# bio-it115

  Hello my name is Tiger Trac. Born in Minnesota but moved to WA when I was very young. I am a 22-year-old currently a year up student. I’m also currently working at Costco located in Seattle.  I am eager to learn html, css, and javascript. Along with learning excel and professionalism. I am a fast learner and would say I am able to work in a team. I also have some leadership skills from doing musical theatre. 
   I am currently enrolled in the Year Up program. It is a one year program intership to help young adults such as myself to get into the business world. I decided to take on this program because I did not have anything else going on in life except for work. I wanted to do more in life. I already had an interest in coding a little bit before. I thought it would be worth it as I spent a lot of time on the computer all the time already as well. Learning to code is an interesting process as one typo will make the code not work. Html and css, I'm currently learning, is pretty easy so far but I have just got into the basics and as such should be easy. 
  Being a fast learner was always a good specialty I had but being expertly profficient at something was something I always struggled with. I am planning to change that this time around as I am getting a hang of coding. I want to get good enough at coding to be able to make a 6 figure salary and live a better life. That is my ultimate goal for right now. When I do reach that goal, I will then reach for heights I know I can reach with the experience I have gained through the next few years.
